# Order Management System

The **Order Management System** is a web application designed for managing and tracking orders across different stores. The project consists of two main parts:

- **Frontend**: Built using React.
- **Backend**: Built using Spring Boot (Java).

## Table of Contents

- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup Instructions](#setup-instructions)
- [API Documentation](#api-documentation)
- [Frontend Access](#frontend-access)
- [Docker Setup](#docker-setup)
- [Running the Application](#running-the-application)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Technologies

### Frontend
- React 
- Redux 
- Webpack 

### Backend
- Spring Boot
- PostgreSQL (Database)
- Swagger (for API documentation)
- JWT for authentication

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites
- **Docker** installed on your machine.
- **Node.js** and **npm** (if running frontend without Docker).
- **Java 17** or higher (if running backend without Docker).

### Docker Setup

To run both the frontend and backend using Docker, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:SaeedMuhaisen/OrderManagementSystem.git
    cd OrderManagementSystem
    ```

2. Run the Docker Compose setup:
    ```bash
    docker-compose up --build
    ```

This command will build and start both the frontend (React) and backend (Spring Boot) containers.

## API Documentation

Once the backend is running, you can view the API documentation generated by Swagger. Open your browser and navigate to:
    `
    http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html
    `
This will display the interactive documentation for the available APIs.

## Frontend Access

To access the frontend, open your browser and go to:
`
http://localhost:3000
`

Here, you will be able to use the web interface of the Order Management System.

## Running the Application

If you prefer to run the frontend and backend separately (without Docker), follow these steps:

### Running the Backend

1. Navigate to the `backend` folder:
    ```bash
    cd backend
    ```

2. Build and run the Spring Boot application:
    ```bash
    ./mvnw spring-boot:run
    ```

3. The backend should now be running on `http://localhost:8080`.

### Running the Frontend

1. Navigate to the `frontend` folder:
    ```bash
    cd frontend
    ```

2. Install dependencies and start the React app:
    ```bash
    npm install
    npm start
    ```

3. The frontend should now be running on `http://localhost:3000`.

4. You can use auto generated accounts:
```
Customer account: buyer@w.cn - password: 123123
Store Employee account: seller@w.cn - password: 123123
```
